|  Key  |  Value  |
|  ---  |   ---   |
| Date: | 19.03.2024 |
| Time: | 15:45 |
| Location: | Drebelweg PC Hall 1 |
| Chair        | Georges Ataya |
| Minute Taker | Tijmen de Jong |

# Meeting Opening:
- Opening by chair (1 min)
	- attendance: everyone present
- Check -in: How is everyone doing? (1 min)
- Present the Agenda (2 min)
- Potential TA announcements (3 min)
	- missing parts in agenda !fix retroactively!
	- really need the websockets and stuff
	- check buddy check
	- new assignemnt: HCI
	- testing rubric
	- product pitch assigment (some slides or something like that) (formative)
	- new rubrick: implemented features
- Presentation of the current app to TA (3 min)
- What everyone worked on last week and what we can improve (5 min)

# Talking Points:
- Talk about the assignments feedback received (3 min)
    - How we can improve based off of the feedback
	- a couple things in techonogies are missing but the rest is pretty good
- Discuss Our plans for the coming week (attempting to finish the basic functionality) (Total: 12 min):
    - Create the administrator page and functionalities (3 min)
		- andrei
    - Making the user interface more fletched out (3 min)
	- Making the language switch feature (3 min)
		- tijmen, georges
    - Additional small features, (expense functionalities, remove participants) (3min)
		- andrei, calin
- Any additional features we think should be added (3 min)
	- debt resolving
		- tijmen
	- websockets
		- codrin
	- long polling
		- riad
	- email sending
		- calin
	- mr description template
		- codrin
- Discuss the distribution of tasks (5 min)
- Discuss post week 6 (5 min)
	- split up
		- implement extra features
		- others fix things with bad feedback
	- open debts feature
	- making expense default date to today
	- testing frontend
	- 2 features per week -> all extra's done

- extra things
	- discusions on merge requests on content

- Closure (1 min)
